en: update location label description for pd (#168)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

1. Set the label collection of topological location for PD

>     Configure the `location-labels` in the `pd.config` with the labels that describe the topology on the nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: `with` has multiple meanings. Let's use a more accurate word.
```suggestion
    Configure `location-labels` in the `pd.config` file using the labels that describe the topology on the nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.
```

>     Replace the `location-labels` information in the `pd.config` with the label collection that describes the topological location on the nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Configure the `location-labels` in the `pd.config` with the labels that describe the topology on the nodes in the Kubernetes cluster.
```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > * For PD versions < v3.0.9, the `/` in the label name is not supported.

>     > * If you configure `hostname` in the `location-labels`, TiDB Operator will get the value from the `kubernetes.io/hostname` in the node label.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > * If you configure `hostname` in the `location-labels`, TiDB Operator will get the value from the `kubernetes.io/hostname` label on the node.
```
